how do is Shane with you check out the
Moen OD overdrive pedal this is the mo
Eau de model the very cool green one
from swamp industries if you like this
pedal you can check them out at swamp
net dot au on the web and you can pick
it up pretty much a bargain this thing
sounds fantastic and I'm here with my
favorite Stratocaster my fruity a
limited edition strat with Abigail
uborrow pickups and yeah these do parts
a little bit so there's nothing to do
with anything else other than the room
I'm in but they're single coil there's
no noise cancelling in-between or
anything
they're the old-school and yeah we're
gonna give this a shot playing through
my deluxe reverb at a relatively low
volume and yeah we little do the work so
let's check this out
so just turned up the drive and I'm now
on my bridge pickup back one
right he's some rhythm stuff on the
in-between position now bridge and
mmm-hmm right I'll show you how the
petal clings up I'm gonna tell my
burning down my neck
I'd like to thank Tom swamp industries
for allowing me to demo this pedal
online it's really really cool it sounds
great not only on an over driven
amplifier just pushing it that little
bit more it also works great on a clean
amp
and it has a very amp like quality to it
thanks for watching if you have any
comments questions or suggestions you
can leave them below in the comment box
or you can talk to me at Facebook at
facebook.com slash in the Blues I'm also
on Google+ and Twitter price of these
things is pretty reasonable so check
them out at swamp net a you can't go
wrong
green box strap and blues that's what
you get you get great blues Plus crop
kind of tones and anything that you
choose to but yet it sounds fantastic so
thanks for watching leave all your
comments below and I'll speak to y'all
soon yeah